Repo: [azb](https://github.com/SOMUCHDOG/azb)

What is Claude Code?
	 CLI tool developed by Anthropic - can be installed in a container and runs on any platform
What is Azb?
	 azb is a CLI tool created to help remove some of the repetitive tasks in my day managing work items in Azure Boards. I wanted a way to script board items. 
What was used in the creation of azb?
	 Claude Code
What is the tech stack?
	Cobra
	Bubble Tea
	Viper
Why golang?
	 - DevOps tooling standard, single binary, cross-platform, backwards compatible
	 - Bubble Tea was my favorite looking TUI framework
	 - I wanted to learn it
How did I start?
	 - Powershell scripting was getting excessive
	 - SPEC.md
	 - CLI first
	 - The dashboard
## CLI capabilities

	 - The true agent experience is far more powerful than a chat window.
	 - Asks for permissions to run commands
	 - Debugs automatically
	 - Can use APIs and 
## Saturation of changes
	 - Changes are so frequent - I believe it is unrealistic to understand everything generated by code in detail. 
	 - It can be expected that bugs will squeeze by frequently and the bugs are typically quick to fix, but sometimes require serious strategy to resolve the root of the problem.
	 - This is one of the tougher challenges with agentic development

 Managing context
	- Claude auto "compacts" periodically. Each compact summarizes the context and this is
	where hallucinations or weird stuff starts to happen most. I think this could be fixed by
	having a standards documentation system with MCP and .ClaudeRules. These in 
	combination with a spec that can serve as the source of truth can help work on
	features in small, individual context windows.
# The code needs work
	 Maybe could be improved with agents focused on PRINCIPLES as reviewers
		 - DRY agent
		 - SOLID agent
		 - FactoryPattern agent etc...
	 Standards MCP servers
## Use existing tooling to keep your stuff from deviating
	git  - allows you to restore to working versions. Also Claude can use it to check "why was this working before?"
	pipeline checks - prevents critical issues from reaching production
	code review - human in the loop
	automated tests - prevent some regressions
## Regressions
	 Regressions were common. I wasn't catching every occurrence of code duplication and after developing the dashboard, I had learned that the validation that was being updated with new rules was not being used by the CLI methods. I would often try to go use an old feature to learn that it had broken. 
### One-shot pipelines
	 - imo pipelines are CRITICAL in the age of agentic development. Automated tests, checks and code review keep production safe.
## Manual Testing
	 - a fight I often found myself in when working with claude was asking it to stop and let me test. It would try to solve all of the issues in a plan and if I didn't test each step individually, it could break the whole thing. It often forgot my prompt "stop at each step and give me a testing plan to ensure the feature works"

# Adding features
	 Config management, help (?) page
	 yaml templates
	 dashboard
Problem -> Plan -> Build -> Test each step

# Future Agentic development:
	git worktree and short lived containers

Demo ideas: Fix the documentation issue, generate stories from a todo list,